How to install and run code blocks in your computer

First go to the location where the project is provided ie. moodle and downlad the file in the user folder.
After downloading you will need extract this file(). You may extract this to the desktop according to your convenience.I
In the source there is the  enire code for the project.You can also see the report,Presentation file and the readme file from the folder.
The read me file contains the details of the group that made this project.
To run the code you will need to download Codeblocks whose link has been provided in the read me file

After open the link, download the Codeblocks according your system that has been provided in the website.
After downlooading Codeblocks,you will need to install the Codeblocks just like another software.
After you are done eith this you have to download SFML 2.0  graphics library whose download link has also provided in the readme file.
For the Windows you may download the GCC4.7TDMSJLJ-32bit but you can download according to your system if you have other whose detail has been hiven in the website.
This would download a zip file.After the zip file is downladed you wil need to extract the file.
It may take some time.After extraction is complete, install the library folder in the codeblocks whose tutorial link has been given in the readme file.
After this is completed,open codeblocks and go to the project build option,in search directories in compiler you have add the include folder of the SFML 2.0 folder.
Link to this folder has to be added in the compiler.
In linker you have to add the library folder of SFML 2.0.
After that you have to go to linker settings you have add the libraries SFML,graphics,window and also system.
The description are given in complete details in the video.
In the compiler settings you have to define SFML_static.After you have done with this SFML is ready to ru on your Codeblocks.

After that you can run the project my opening the file Airhockeyfinaltest.
After codeblocks run,build the project and then press run if it shows no error.
After running the game the main interface opens where the rules and the credits are provided which you can see for your reference.
You may play the game...Hope you enjoy it!!!!!